are you serious are you serious why
don't you get a cup of coffee this
morning I'm gonna have some too and grab
a Bible I'm going to talk about these
energy waves these waves of energy ball
of energy coming toward the earth is now
that NASA is confirming the three waves
shock waves of energy are incoming that
Voyager one registered and picked them
up and recorded them and I just did a
video about that so you need to go watch
that video the one before this one you
see the blue chart you can actually hear
the waves and see the chart well let's
go to the Bible but if you grab your
Bible go to Luke 21 it's part of our
devotion today let's look at the energy
waves it seems as if Christ was telling
us that not only were these waves
becoming with what's coming with them as
a question but what else will be going
on in the earth when this is taking
place well he says in verse 10 nation
shall rise against nation and Kingdom
against Kingdom and great earthquakes
shall be in divers places and famines
and pestilences or diseases Ebola and
fearful sights and great signs shall
there be from heaven keep an eye open
for those now go to verse 20 for a
moment same chapter he also talks about
Israel and when you shall see Jerusalem
compassed with armies then know that the
desolation thereof is nigh alright but
then go to verse 25 because Jesus goes
on to say this and there shall be signs
in the
and in the moon and in the Stars and
upon the earth distress of Nations with
perplexity and the sea and the waves
roaring men's hearts failing them for
fear and for looking after those things
which are coming on the earth for the
powers of heaven shall be shaken men's
hearts are failing for fear things
coming upon the earth for the powers of
heaven shall be shaken like a wave it
could it be
and then shall they see the Son of man
coming in a cloud with power and great
glory and when these things begin to
come to pass then look up lift up your
heads for your Redemption draweth nigh
the wellses would be going on I didn't
tell you verse 12 go back to verse 12 I
read to you 10 and 11 about the
earthquakes and the famines and nations
against nations and wars great signs in
the heavens but look at verse 12 but
before all of these they shall lay their
hands on you and persecute you
delivering you up to the synagogues and
into prisons being brought before kings
and rulers for my name's sake
persecution on Christians will intensify
in these last days okay so let's see
what we got here
nations rise against nations check that
one off kingdoms against kingdoms check
that one off earthquakes in different
places pestilences or diseases Ebola
whatever Wars rumors of wars persecution
of Christians Jerusalem being compassed
about by armies as they're starting to
surround with Isis and now the waves are
being detected the waves the shockwaves
something's
me and man knows it we haven't been told
yet really by NASA or any of the other I
could just tell you this I got another
email last night another another
scientist was killed murdered that makes
29 scientists in the last three years
who have specifically been studying what
Planet X okay and what is coming up on
the earth fifty-four dead bankers
another one died two days ago they found
him his body was being eaten by vultures
in the Nevada desert are you serious you
know what they say happened to him he
got lost he took a walk and got lost
really you buying that I mean
something's going on folks something
very sinister is taking place evil is
rising the New World Order's getting in
position that Devils work in triple time
now he knows his time is short
we as Christians keep looking up keep
pushing forward with the Great
Commission of Jesus Christ let me say it
to you this way he's coming soon are you
serious this is the day of salvation
whosoever calls upon the name of the
Lord shall be saved
give your life to Jesus Christ become a
true believer in the Messiah Yeshua the
Son of the Living God call upon the name
of Jesus repent of your sins ask Christ
into your life receive his free gift of
love and mercy and yes we are living in
perlis times I'll be right back with
more current world events and how they
relate to Bible prophecy are you serious
Jesus is coming soon